This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
I want you to turn your Bibles real quickly.
1 Corinthians chapter 11.
And
I want you to notice
First 26.
This is an important passage of scripture.
The Bible doesn't put a specific amount of time.
That we
Have communion.
It just gives us.
A clear presentation.
That as often as we do it.
And the scripture says in verse 26, for as often as you eat the bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come.
Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily,
Shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.
But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. And that's what we're going to do here in just a minute. This music will start playing.
And we will have an opportunity in this moment of silence,
Of of words you will hear the beautiful music but we will
Spend the silence of words
To wear within our hearts, we're communing with God.
And whatever's wrong,
Let's get it right.
You know,
There's no doubt in my mind what this brother said here just a minute ago, Brother Dennis, what he said a minute ago. he stood in front of this church and he made a confession.
We went all.
Be fools.
If we would think he was the only one in here like that.
But he's been the only one brave enough to do it.
And I commend him for that.
But the truth of the matter is every one of us need to examine our hearts.
And not cast stones in judgment.
But examine our hearts. and we will give you an opportunity to do that in just a minute.
For he that in verse twenty nine.
Edith and drinketh unworthily. Edith and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. Now, that does not mean that word damnation there.
Uh,
That is not in the connotation of dying and going to hell if you take communion wrong.
That's talking about. If you take communion wrong, you invite the wrath and judgment of God upon your life.
And there are ways that you take it wrong. Number one, you have to be a believer. Communion is for believers.
Number two is if you have unconfessed sin in your life,
And in this moment of silence of words,
We have an opportunity for us all.
To whatever's wrong in our hearts
Get them right with God.
And if we if we bypass the opportunity the word says for this cause many
Are weak and are sickly among him and his sleep.
and so i want to give us this opportunity here.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com